# What is Openshift?
Openshift is a container application platform that helps developers to build,deploy,manage and scale their applications on any infrastructure either it many be onprem or cloud or hybrid cloud.

In order to simplify the deployment and speed delivery of your apps containers are the best way bcz it packages your apps with all the dependencies. Unlike VM containers do not bundle the operating system. It bundles the application code,run time, libraries and settings are packaged inside of containers. Thus containers are light weight,portable,efficient as compared to virtual machines. 

# Workshop Summary (It is already given by rehat developer forum)
Topics which this workshop will cover include:

Using the OpenShift command line client and web console.

Deploying an application using a pre-existing container image.

Working with application labels to identify component parts.

Scaling up your application in order to handle web traffic.

Exposing your application to users outside of the cluster.

Viewing and working with logs generated by your application.

Accessing your application container and interacting with it.

Giving access to other users to collaborate on your application.

Deploying an application from source code in a Git repository.

Deploying a database from the OpenShift service catalog.

Configuring an application so it can access a database.

Setting up web hooks to enable automated application builds.

# Workshop is hosted on the openshift environment running on public cloud, the environment consits of the following systems.

  Master nodes
  Worker or (application) nodes
  Dynamic provisioned storage
  Private contaier registry
  Routing Layer
